//Hosting A Technical Event:

A Couple of Weeks Prior to the Event, i feel it is the right time to start building the Hype for the Event. That is, I will make some eye-catcy posters
and make sure to put them in places where my Target audiences hangs out the most. For Example,
my target are engineering Students so i would put those posters outside the buildings where classes tend to happen and in that way, the event will come into the notice
of the students and the mouth publicity of the students will follow.

After grabbing the Physical attention, it would be the right time to grab their "Virtual" Attention as well.
Youths tend to spend a lot of time on Popular Social Media Platforms like Facebook, W,Insta,LinkedIn so we can also utilize these platforms for the promotion of the event.
Because of their time being spent on these Platforms, the most efficient move would be to create some marketing content for the Event. I would form a 
strategy that includes Blogs, Posts,Videos,GIFs and NewsLetters
centered around the Theme of the Event(For Example: If the Theme is "How to  Crack GSoc", I would post relevant posts centered around the most common tech stack that 
is used in GSoC and also create short,unique and descriptive hashtag for The event branding.)

I also would approach the concerned authorities in our college and request them to share a promotional message of our event in the Official WhatsApp groups.
Most of the students of our College are connected to the Instagram Page of Our College, so i would resquest Account owners to upload a post promoting the Event 
and is this way, most of the college students will also be aware of the Event that is coming up. I would also send out the invitation of the event via emails.

After all this, it would be the right time to leverage the most of the already establised communities of our College.
We have 4 technical Communities and highly enthu students are a part of it. 
So i would approach the Leaders of such communities and request them to spread the awareness of the Event among the community members 
and encourage them to participate.

